Jaden: WE HAVE
TO SAVE THEM!
Bastion: COME ON!
Grandpa: RIGHT BEHIND YOU!
SORT OF.
WELL, WHAT DO YA KNOW.
SARTORIUS' TRAP WORKED.
SO LONG, JADEN.
YOU'LL EITHER COME
BACK AS ONE OF US
OR YOU WON'T COME
BACK AT ALL!
GOOD LUCK.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
BY THE WAY,
THANKS FOR THE LIFT!
RIGHT, MY PLEASURE.
THANKS,
ASTER.
FOR WHAT?
GET IT STRAIGHT.
I'M GOING TO KAIBA LAND
FOR ME, NOT YOU!
WELL,
BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
I ACTUALLY ENJOY
YOUR COMPANY, BRO.
HA HA!
Grandpa: WAIT!
HMM?!
LOOK OVER THERE, KIDS!
IT'S KAIBA LAND!
BUILT AS A MONUMENT
TO THE ART OF DUELING,
IT'S WITNESSED
THE MOST ILLUSTRIOUS
COMPETITIONS IN HISTORY!
WHAT?
WHO SAID THAT?
WOW!
THEN I GUESS
IT'S ABOUT TIME
WE WROTE OUR OWN
HISTORY THERE!
HMM!
HUH?!
OY VEY!
NOT THIS PLACE.
WHAT IS IT, GRAMPS?
TRY READING
THE SIGN, DUDE.
IT'S A COMPUTER-GENERATED
ALTERNATE REALITY.
OK.
NOW WHAT IS IT
IN ENGLISH?
SIMPLE.
IT'S KAIBA'S
VIRTUAL WORLD.
IF YOU KIDS GO IN,
THERE'S A CHANCE YOU
MAY NEVER COME OUT!
WELL, MY FRIENDS
ARE IN THERE,
SO DANGER
OR NO DANGER...
I'M GOIN' IN!
AND YOU?
YOU BET I AM!
MY DESTINY'S
IN THERE.
Grandpa: DON'T SAY
I DIDN'T WARN YOU.
BASTION?
I THINK IT'S BEST IF YOU
AND GRAMPS WAIT OUT HERE.
Grandpa:
NO ARGUMENT FROM ME!
[GASPS]
UH, HELLO?
HASSLEBERRY?
SYRUS?
YOU OUT THERE?
[GRUNTS]
WHAT'S THE DEAL, MAN?!
YEAH, MAN!
WHERE ARE WE?
WELL...
IF I HAD TO GUESS,
I'D SAY OUR MINDS
WERE DIGITIZED.
THAT'S RIGHT, SOLDIER.
BUT CHEER UP.
YEAH, AT LEAST YOU
DON'T RUN ON GASOLINE!
OR HAVE A 40-FOOT TAIL!
ACTUALLY I DON'T
MIND THE TAIL...
BUT I WOULD LIKE
TO GO HOME.
BUT HOW?
I MEAN...
WHERE'S THE EXIT?
I HAVE A HUNCH WE
CAN'T LEAVE...
UNLESS WE DUEL.
[GASPS]
LOOK! IT'S THEM!
Jaden: THE LIGHT BRIGADE!
FINE!
LET'S DUEL!
THAT'S WHY
WE'RE HERE, RIGHT?
Female voice:
WELL PUT, JADEN.
HMM?
BUT THERE'S MORE
TO IT THAN THAT.
IT'S SARINA!
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT?!
AND WHY AM I HERE?!
AREN'T I ON YOUR SIDE?
YOU'VE BOTH BEEN
SUMMONED HERE
TO PARTICIPATE
IN THE ULTIMATE TEST.
AND I'VE BEEN
ASKED OVERSEE IT.
Male voice: AS YOU KNOW,
THE CARDS PREDICT A CHOSEN ONE--
A YOUNG PROTEGE
TO STAND BY MY SIDE.
YES, BUT
WHO IS IT?
THAT'S WHAT I NEED
YOU TO FIGURE OUT.
IS IT ASTER?
OR COULD IT PERHAPS BE
A MORE UNLIKELY CANDIDATE?
INTERESTING.
BUT HOW CAN
I UNCOVER THE TRUTH?
YOU MUST CHALLENGE
BOTH OF THEM TO A DUEL.
THROUGH THIS BATTLE
THE ANSWER WILL
BECOME CLEAR.
AND THEN...
WE'LL MAKE SURE
HE SEES THE LIGHT.
AS YOU WISH, BROTHER.
GOOD LUCK.
AND BE SURE TO ALWAYS
LISTEN TO THE CARDS.
UNDERSTOOD?
HOLD ON!
SO, THAT MEANS...
I MAY BE THE ONE
SARTORIUS NEEDS AFTER ALL?
CORRECT.
WHY DO YOU THINK
HE TOOK YOU IN
ALL THOSE YEARS AGO?
HE THOUGHT YOU
WERE THE ONE.
HE WHAT?!
SO, HE WAS USING
ME FROM THE START?
SO THAT I WOULD
JOIN HIS PLOT?
PRECISELY!
AND NOW YOU MUST
FACE ME IN A DUEL
TO SEE IF HE WAS RIGHT!
SO, ONE OF YOU
COMES WITH ME,
AND ONE STAYS
TRAPPED HERE!
WAIT A SEC!
IF YOU WANT
TO DUEL US...
THEN PROMISE YOU'LL
PUT EVERYTHING
BACK TO NORMAL
WHEN WE WIN!
IF YOU WIN.
BUT I WOULDN'T
SET MY HEART ON IT
IF I WERE YOU.
LET'S JUST SAY IN HERE,
I HAVE THE FIELD-POINT
ADVANTAGE.
SO, YOU IN THE MOOD
FOR A TAG DUEL?
WHY NOT?
COULD BE FUN.
ALL RIGHT!
BUT IF WHAT SARINA
SAID IS TRUE...
THEN I'M
DUELING FOR ME.
NOT FOR YOUR FRIENDS.
JADEN, EVER SINCE
I WAS A KID...
I HAD THE FEELING I WAS
DESTINED FOR GREATNESS.
NOW I'LL KNOW FOR SURE.
[THINKING]
WELL, SO MUCH
FOR TEAMWORK!
BUT THIS IS
THE ONLY WAY
TO SAVE HASSLEBERRY
AND SYRUS!
BEFORE WE GET
OUR GAME ON...
WHO'S YOUR PARTNER?
SHE'S BEEN RIGHT HERE!
WOULD YOU BOYS
LIKE TO MEET HER?
SURPRISE.
[CHUCKLES]
GIVE ME A BREAK!
AND I THOUGHT
ONE WAS BAD!
All: GAME ON!
Sarina: SINCE WE'RE
IN MY WORLD...
I'LL START!
NOW I SUMMON
SPIRIT UKYO!
THEN I'LL LAY A CARD
FACEDOWN AND PLAY THIS!
IT'S A SPELL CARD
CALLED FULL MOON MIRROR!
WHAT IS THAT THING?!
BEATS ME.
[THINKING]
BUT I'M GONNA
KEEP MY EYE ON IT
'CAUSE SOMETHING TELLS
ME IT'S BAD NEWS.
Sarina: I'D LOVE TO TELL
YOU WHAT IT DOES...
BUT THAT WOULD
SPOIL THE SURPRISE.
IF YOU'RE DONE...
THEN I SUMMON MY AVIAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT, I'LL THROW
DOWN A FACEDOWN...
AND LET YOU GO.
HER AGAIN?!
NO FAIR!
IT'S QUITE FAIR.
WATCH!
I'M SUMMONING:
MY SPIRIT SAKYO!
LASTLY...
I'LL PLAY THIS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
NOT TOO SHABBY.
BUT IT'S NO
CAPTAIN TENACIOUS!
AND NEXT...
I'LL PLAY THIS DOWN...
AND TAKE A BREAK.
NOW, ROUND TWO!
I PLAY MY
MIRROR ROUTE SPELL!
AND I'M ADDING IT TO
MY SILVER SPIRIT UKYO!
THIS GIVES HIM
THE POWER
THE ATTACK ONE
OF YOU DIRECTLY!
Both: SAY WHAT?!
ALL RIGHT,
UKYO, ATTACK!
TARGET JADEN!
QUICK SILVER!
[SCREAMS]
[SARINA GIGGLES]
CARE TO RETALIATE?
YOU BET!
AND I'LL START WITH...
POLYMERIZATION!
SO, IT'S TIME FOR
SOME FUSION ACTION!
AVIAN AND BURSTINATRIX MERGE
TO CREATE ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
FOR MY NEXT TRICK...
I'LL BE MAKING YOUR
SPIRIT DISAPPEAR!
NOT EXACTLY!
YOU TRIGGERED
MY MIRROR BIND!
BEFORE WE CONTINUE...
LET'S PAUSE
FOR A MOMENT.
AND TAKE THIS TIME
TO REFLECT.
MIRROR, MIRROR ON THE WALL,
WHO WILL FALL NEXT
IN THIS BRAWL?
WINGMAN?!
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
HIS ATTACK,
IT'S REFLECTED!
Sarina: LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
BOTH DEFENSELESS NOW.
WELL, NOT FOR LONG!
'CAUSE I PLAY...
ELEMENTAL MIRAGE!
WHEN AN ELEMENTAL HERO
IS DESTROYED,
THIS TRAP CARD BRINGS
IT RIGHT BACK TO THE FIELD!
SO, COME OUT, WINGMAN!
I'M NOT READY TO GIVE
YOU UP JUST YET!
[THINKING]
NOT BAD.
BUT DON'T THINK THIS
MAKES YOU THE CHOSEN ONE!
HERE'S MY TRAP!
GO, DESTINY MIRAGE!
WITH THIS IN PLAY...
MY HERO MAKES
A TRIUMPHANT RETURN, TOO!
[THINKING]
STRANGE.
THEIR STRENGTH
IS NEARLY IDENTICAL.
SO, WHICH ONE IS DESTINED
TO WALK BY MY
BROTHER'S SIDE?
HEY, ASTER,
NOT BAD!
[THINKING]
THERE'S NO WAY
I'M GONNA LET THAT
AMATEUR OUT-DUEL ME!
DO YOU REALIZE
I ALMOST LOST
MY BEST MONSTER
BECAUSE OF YOU?
PAY ATTENTION
NEXT TIME!
HA HA!
TOTALLY MY BAD!
TRUST ME, BRO...
THIS NEXT TURN'S
GONNA BE DIFFERENT!
ATTACK HER,
SILVER SPIRIT UKYO!
STOP RIGHT THERE!
I PLAY MIRROR TRAP!
THIS TAKES THE TRAP CARD
MY DOPPELGANGER USED,
AND SENDS IT OVER
TO MY SIDE!
AND THE BEST PART IS
I CAN USE IT NOW!
SO, THIS SHOULD
LOOK FAMILIAR!
ACTIVATING MIRROR BIND!
NOT AGAIN!
NOW THAT'S
JUST LAME.
YOU NEED SOME
R AND R, PRIVATE!
YOU GOTTA START PAYING
ATTENTION IN CLASS!
SORRY.
I'LL STOP NOW.
GOOD!
[THINKING]
I'M SURE BY NOW
SARINA REALIZES
THAT I'M THE ONE
SHE'S LOOKING FOR!
Sarina: UNFORTUNATELY
FOR YOU TWO,
IT'S MY MOVE AGAIN.
NOW THEN...
SILVER SPIRIT SAKYO,
ATTACK ASTER PHOENIX!
QUICK SILVER!
[GRUNTS]
AND I'LL PLAY THIS:
MY MIRROR CALL SPELL!
AND IT BRINGS
A TRAP BACK...
AS LONG AS SAKYO AND UKYO
ARE ON THE FIELD!
NOW WHICH TRAP CARD
SHOULD I CHOOSE?
COME ON.
I'M SURE YOU CAN GUESS!
NOW, GO.
NOT TWO MORE
FACEDOWNS!
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND WE KNOW ONE OF 'EM
IS THAT MIRROR BIND!
WE DO?
WOULD YOU JUST
PAY ATTENTION!
WHAT WE SHOULD
FOCUS ON...
IS GETTING RID OF
HER TWO SPIRITS.
THEN SHE WON'T BE ABLE TO
ACTIVATE HER MIRROR TRAP!
YEAH!
NICE THINKING!
HOW EXACTLY
DO WE DO THAT?
HA. LEAVE IT TO ME.
HERE WE GO, FOLKS!
HMM!
I SUMMON DESTINY
HERO DOOM LORD!
AND HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
SENDS YOUR SAKYO
TWO ROUNDS INTO THE FUTURE!
IT'S TIME WARP TIME!
YOUR SPIRIT'S
TAKING A LITTLE TRIP!
[CHUCKLES]
AFRAID NOT.
IT'S YOUR CARD
THAT'S LEAVING!
WHAT?!
I ACTIVATE SILVER
SPIRIT REDIRECTION!
ANY SPECIAL ABILITY
THAT TARGETS MY
MONSTER IS CANCELLED.
AND WHOEVER TRIES IT
IS REMOVED FROM PLAY!
Jaden: IT LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE "O" FOR TWO!
YOU GOT SOMETHING ELSE
UP YOUR SLEEVE, RIGHT?
YOU MEAN LIKE
MY D-SRIRIT?!
LET'S SEE YOUR ELEMENTAL
HEROES TRY THIS!
'CAUSE WITH MY
SPELL IN PLAY...
IF I ALREADY HAVE
A DESTINY HERO
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN PLAY ANOTHER
ONE FROM MY HAND!
AND I HAVE
THE PERFECT GUY IN MIND!
IT'S A DESTINY HERO
KNOWN AS FEAR MONGER!
NEXT, I'LL DISCARD
MY BLADE MASTER...
TO TRIGGER HIS EFFECT,
WHICH LETS ME
ADD 800 POINTS
TO MY FEAR MONGER!
NOW, ATTACK!
DESTROY HER
SILVER SPIRIT SAKYO!
[GRUNTS]
THEN I'LL PLAY
A FACEDOWN...
AND CALL IT A TURN.
LOOKS LIKE YOUR
MIRROR IS CRACKED!
HONK OF YOU'RE HAPPY!
THAT'S NOT FUNNY,
SARGE!
[THINKING]
DID YOU HAPPEN TOP
SEE THAT, SARTORIUS?!
WHO'S THE CHOSEN
DUELIST NOW?!
[GASPS]
[THINKING]
ARE WE OK?
YES.
BUT ASTER'S
LITTLE MANEUVER
WAS QUITE
UNEXPECTED.
PERHAPS HE IS THE ONE
OUR BROTHER NEEDS.
LET US SEE
FOR CERTAIN.
I'LL TAKE CONTROL!
JUST WATCH!
I SACRIFICE MY
SILVER SPIRIT
TO SUMMON A NEW SPIRIT...
MY MAGIC MIRROR
SPIRIT NAYUTA!
[THINKING]
TIME TO PUT JADEN
TO THE TEST.
ALL RIGHT...
LET'S FIND YOUR
BREAKING POINT!
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
[SCREAMS]
Both: HANG IN THERE, JAY!
[GASPING]
ALL RIGHT,
I'VE HAD ENOUGH!
AND GUESS WHAT?!
IT'S PAYBACK TIME!
I'LL START BY
PLAYING POT OF GREED!
SO NOW I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
SWEET!
NEXT, I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION...
WHICH LETS ME
MERGE WILDHEART
AND NECROSHADE
TO FORM...
ELEMENTAL HERO
NECROID SHAMAN!
AND THANKS
TO MY SHAMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
I CAN SEND YOUR MIRROR
SPIRIT TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND REPLACE IT
WITH THE MUCH WEAKER
SILVER SPIRIT UKYO!
YOU SEEM TO HAVE
OVERLOOKED A SMALL DETAIL.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WHEN UKYO IS SUMMONED,
SAKYO COMES BACK!
Aster: HEY, JADEN.
MIND TELLING ME WHAT
WERE YOU THINKING?
NOW THE BOBBSEY TWINS
CAN USE THEIR MIRROR AGAIN!
I, UH...
GOTTA GET BACK
TO YA ON THAT!
WHAT'S YOUR
STRATEGY?!
UH, ATTACK FIRST,
ASK QUESTIONS LATER?
WELL, NOW WHAT?!
NOW, I'M GONNA MAKE UP
FOR MY MISTAKE!
'CAUSE WITH MY NECROSHADE
IN THE GRAVEYARD...
I'M ALLOWED TO
SUMMON ANOTHER HERO--
LIKE MY BLADEDGE!
BUT IF I ATTACK
WITH BLADEDGE NOW...
THEIR MIRROR BIND
WILL DESTROY
TWO MORE OF
OUR MONSTERS!
I GOTTA FIND
A WAY TO ATTACK
WITHOUT THEIR
TRAP AFFECTING ME!
BECAUSE IF SHE WINS...
WELL, ONE OF US
GETS BRAINWASHED
AND THE OTHER
GETS TRAPPED HERE!
THAT'S IT!
MY DE-FUSION!
I PLAY THE SPELL
CARD DE-FUSION!
AND I'LL USE
IT ON MY SHAMAN...
SEPARATING IT INTO
WILDHEART AND NECROSHADE!
MORE MONSTERS?
ALL THE MORE FUN
FOR US TO DESTROY!
NOT QUITE!
MY WILDHEART IS IMMUNE
TO ALL YOUR TRAP CARDS;
AND THAT INCLUDES
YOUR MIRROR BIND!
IT CAN'T BE!
HEY, NICE MOVE,
FOR ONCE!
LET'S DO THIS!
WILDHEART,
ATTACK HER SAKYO!
WILD SLASH!
[GRUNTS]
AW, WHAT A SHAME!
'CAUSE NOW...
WITHOUT SAKYO,
MIRROR BIND'S BROKEN!
NOW YOU'RE WIDE OPEN!
NECROSHADE,
DIRECT ATTACK!
HUH?!
[SCREAMS]
BLADEDGE!
NOW IT'S YOUR
TURN, BRO!
DESTROY HER, UKYO!
[THINKING]
A VERY IMPRESSIVE ATTACK.
PERHAPS WE UNDERESTIMATED HIM.
YES.
COULD IT BE THAT JADEN
IS THE CHOSEN
DUELIST WE SEEK?
TIME TO FIND OUT!
ALL I NEED TO DO
IS LAY DOWN TWO CARDS.
THAT'S YOUR TURN?!
WHATEVER.
I THINK I'LL BE
TAKING TWO MORE CARDS!
COURTESY OF MY
POT OF GREED SPELL!
THEN I'LL
SACRIFICE THIS...
MY FEAR MONGER...
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
DESTINY HERO
DOUBLE DUDE!
AND JUST LIKE
HIS NAME SUGGESTS,
HE CAN ATTACK TWICE!
[GROWLS]
JUST WATCH!
DOUBLE DUDE...
ATTACK SARINA
DIRECTLY!
THAT'S WHAT
YOU THINK, ASTER!
BUT I SACRIFICE
MIRROR BIND...
SO I CAN
ACTIVATE THIS--
SOUL MIRROR--
WHICH ALLOWS
ME TO SUMMON
SILVER SPIRIT SAKYO!
AND NOW, THANKS TO
HIS SPECIAL EFFECT,
I GET TO SUMMON
UKYO AS WELL!
COME ON,
NOT AGAIN!
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT.
IT'S TIME TO BREAK-UP
HER DEADLY DUO!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP: D-CHAIN!
AND ADD IT TO
MY DOUBLE DUDE!
NOW, ATTACK HER SAKYO,
CHAIN OF REPENT!
AND IF YOU THINK
THAT'S ALL,
THINK AGAIN!
WHENEVER A MONSTER'S
DESTROYED BY MY D-CHAIN...
MY OPPONENT TAKES 500
LIFE POINTS OF DAMAGE!
[GRUNTS]
Aster: AND FOR ROUND TWO,
ATTACK HER UKYO!
SO, NOW...
YOU LOSE MORE POINTS!
[GRUNTS]
WAY TO GO, BRO!
THAT'S TEAMWORK!
RIGHT, ASTER?
LOOK, WE'RE
NOT A TEAM!
YOU GOT THAT?
Sarina, thinking: ASTER HAS
PROVEN TO BE QUITE AN OPPONENT.
BUT JADEN HAS
POTENTIAL AS WELL.
IT IS TIME FOR
THE ULTIMATE TEST!
FUN'S OVER!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
IT'S BURIED
SOUL TALISMAN,
AND HERE'S
HOW IT WORKS:
I GET TO PLAY
A LEVEL-5 MONSTER!
THAT'S BECAUSE
TWO OF MINE
WENT TO THE GRAVEYARD!
AND, AS A BONUS...
THE MONSTER THAT
DID THE DAMAGE
IS ALSO DESTROYED!
[GROANS]
I'M NOT DONE!
'CAUSE NEXT...
I SUMMON
ANOTHER SPIRIT--
MY ASOGI!
AND WHEN THIS MONSTER'S
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED...
YOU'RE OUT OF LUCK
BECAUSE I CAN BRING BACK
A FAMILIAR FACE!
HER AGAIN?!
IT JUST
NEVER ENDS!
SOON I'M GONNA
NEED AN OIL CHANGE!
WE GOTTA BREAK
THIS CYCLE!
HEY, WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE MOON?
I'LL LAY
THIS FACEDOWN.
AND I GUESS
THAT'S ALL.
ASTER?
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU DON'T SOUND
LIKE YOURSELF.
LOOK.
THE MOON IS GONE.
OK. SO WHAT?
ARE YOU UH...
WEREWOLF?
[GASPS]
LOOK DOWN!
YOU WANT TO TELL US
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
Sarina: THE TRUE TEST
IS JUST BEGINNING!
YOU SEE FOR EACH
MONSTER DESTROYED...
OUR FULL MOON MIRROR
HAS GROWN IN STRENGTH.
AND SINCE
WE'VE LOST 10...
IT'S FINALLY READY!
READY TO CRUSH YOU!
[GASPS]
LET THE JUDGMENT COMMENCE!
[THINKING]
I GOT A BAD
FEELING ABOUT THIS!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪